com/kodilla/stream/lambda/ExecuteSaySomething.java
 com.kodilla.stream.lambda.ExecuteSaySomething
com/kodilla/stream/iterate/NumbersGenerator.java
 com.kodilla.stream.iterate.NumbersGenerator
com/kodilla/stream/lambda/SaySomething.java
 com.kodilla.stream.lambda.SaySomething
com/kodilla/stream/lambda/ExpressionExecutor.java
 com.kodilla.stream.lambda.ExpressionExecutor
com/kodilla/stream/person/People.java
 com.kodilla.stream.person.People
com/kodilla/stream/beautifier/PoemDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.stream.beautifier.PoemDecorator
com/kodilla/stream/reference/FunctionalCalculator.java
 com.kodilla.stream.reference.FunctionalCalculator
com/kodilla/stream/forumuser/Forum.java
 com.kodilla.stream.forumuser.Forum
com/kodilla/stream/portfolio/TaskList.java
 com.kodilla.stream.portfolio.TaskList
com/kodilla/stream/forumuser/ForumUser.java
 com.kodilla.stream.forumuser.ForumUser
com/kodilla/stream/lambda/MathExpression.java
 com.kodilla.stream.lambda.MathExpression
com/kodilla/stream/immutable/ForumUser.java
 com.kodilla.stream.immutable.ForumUser
com/kodilla/stream/lambda/Processor.java
 com.kodilla.stream.lambda.Processor
com/kodilla/stream/book/BookDirectory.java
 com.kodilla.stream.book.BookDirectory
com/kodilla/stream/lambda/Executor.java
 com.kodilla.stream.lambda.Executor
com/kodilla/stream/book/Book.java
 com.kodilla.stream.book.Book
com/kodilla/stream/world/Country.java
 com.kodilla.stream.world.Country
com/kodilla/stream/forum/ForumUser.java
 com.kodilla.stream.forum.ForumUser
com/kodilla/stream/invoice/simple/SimpleItem.java
 com.kodilla.stream.invoice.simple.SimpleItem
com/kodilla/stream/invoice/simple/SimpleInvoice.java
 com.kodilla.stream.invoice.simple.SimpleInvoice
com/kodilla/stream/invoice/simple/SimpleProduct.java
 com.kodilla.stream.invoice.simple.SimpleProduct
com/kodilla/stream/sand/SandStorage.java
 com.kodilla.stream.sand.SandStorage
com/kodilla/stream/sand/Asia.java
 com.kodilla.stream.sand.Asia
com/kodilla/stream/sand/Europe.java
 com.kodilla.stream.sand.Europe
com/kodilla/stream/sand/Africa.java
 com.kodilla.stream.sand.Africa
com/kodilla/stream/portfolio/User.java
 com.kodilla.stream.portfolio.User
com/kodilla/stream/portfolio/Task.java
 com.kodilla.stream.portfolio.Task
com/kodilla/stream/array/ArrayOperations.java
 com.kodilla.stream.array.ArrayOperations
com/kodilla/stream/portfolio/Board.java
 com.kodilla.stream.portfolio.Board
com/kodilla/stream/world/Continent.java
 com.kodilla.stream.world.Continent
com/kodilla/stream/world/World.java
 com.kodilla.stream.world.World
com/kodilla/stream/StreamMain.java
 com.kodilla.stream.StreamMain
com/kodilla/stream/beautifier/PoemBeautifier.java
 com.kodilla.stream.beautifier.PoemBeautifier
